69
• not be attached to the shirt
• not be dangerous to the player wearing it or any other player (e.g. opening/
closing mechanism around neck)
• not have any part(s) extending out from the surface (protruding elements)
Electronic communication
Players (including substitutes/substituted and sent-off players) are not
permitted to wear or use any form of electronic or communication equipment
(except where EPTS is allowed). The use of any form of electronic
communication by team officials is permitted where it directly relates to player
welfare or safety or for tactical/coaching reasons but only small, mobile,
handheld equipment (e.g. microphone, headphone, earpiece, mobile phone/
smartphone, smartwatch, tablet, laptop) may be used. A team official who uses
unauthorised equipment or who behaves in an inappropriate manner as a
result of the use of electronic or communication equipment will be sent off.
Electronic performance and tracking systems (EPTS)
Where wearable technology (WT) as part of electronic performance and
tracking systems (EPTS) is used in matches played in an official competition
organised under the auspices of FIFA, confederations or national football
associations, the competition organiser must ensure that the technology
attached to the players’ equipment is not dangerous and meets the
requirements for wearable EPTS under the FIFA Quality Programme for EPTS.
Where EPTS are provided by the match or competition organiser, it is the
responsibility of that match or competition organiser to ensure that the
information and data transmitted from EPTS to the technical area during
matches played in an official competition are reliable and accurate.
The FIFA Quality Programme for EPTS supports competition organisers with
the approval process of reliable and accurate electronic performance and
tracking systems.
5.	 Slogans, statements, images and advertising
Equipment must not have any political, religious or personal slogans, statements
or images. Players must not reveal undergarments that show political, religious,
Laws of the Game 2026/27  |  Law 4  |  The Players’ Equipment